Description of the files and data used in the experiment components.

# Files

## raw_svo

File path to the raw SVO.
Must not be edited by any components,
so later components may access the full (non-processed) data.

- Created by: must be set in experiment setup
- Used by: classifier.InstanceFrequencyCount, classifier.Specifity

## svo

File path to the SVO.
Pre-processing components may rewrite this path.

- Created by: must be set in experiment setup, all preproc components
- Used by: experiment.SvoToMemory, all preproc components

## instance_frequency_cat1 and instance_frequency_cat2

The DataFrame with the count of the frequencies,
before taking the mean as a classifier feature.

- Created by: classifier.InstanceFrequencyCount
- Used by: classifier.RelationshipCharacteristics

## classifier_data

The same as the data `classification_data`,
but saved into a CSV file.

- Created by: classifier.FeatureAggregator


# Data

## cat1 and cat2

Sets of instances of the categories (actual `set` objects).

- Created by: experiment.ReadCategories
- Used by: preproc.FilterInstanceInCategory, classifier.InstanceFrequencyCount, classifier.Specifity, classifier.RelationshipCharacteristics

## pair_to_contexts

Dictionary mapping (S, O) pairs to the list of contexts V
they occur with (also with the number of occurrences `N`,
and a boolean indicating if the pair is reversed, as `O, V, S`).

- Created by: SvoToMemory
- Used by: ontext.BuildCooccurrenceMatrix, ontext.EvidenceForPromotion

## contexts_to_pairs

The opposite of `pairs_to_contexts`, maps contexts to pairs,
together with the number of occurrences `N`.

- Created by: SvoToMemory
- Used by: ontext.BuildCooccurrenceMatrix, ontext.InstanceRanker

## unique_contexts

List of unique contexts `V`, as `np.array`.
Sorted alphabetically.

- Created by: SvoToMemory
- Used by: ontext.OntextKmeans, ontext.InstanceRanker

## comatrix

Cooccurrence matrix, as an array-like.

- Created by: ontext.BuildCooccurrenceMatrix, ontext.NormalizeMatrix
- Used by: ontext.NormalizeMatrix, ontext.OntextKmeans, ontext.InstanceRanker

## cluster_data

Sklearn clustering object.

- Created by: ontext.OntextKmeans
- Used by: ontext.InstanceRanker

## groups

Array indicating the group of each contexts in the `comatrix`,
as generated by Sklearn's `predict`.

- Created by: ontext.OntextKmeans
- Used by: ontext.InstanceRanker

## centroids

The centroid points of the clustering.

- Created by: ontext.OntextKmeans
- Used by:

## medoids

The medoid points of the clustering.

- Created by: ontext.OntextKmeans
- Used by:

## relation_names

Array-like with the name of the relation represented by the medoids

- Created by: ontext.OntextKmeans
- Used by:

## relation_count

Simply the number of relations in the clustering

- Created by: ontext.OntextKmeans
- Used by: ontext.InstanceRanker

## instances_scores

Score of each instance (i.e. context) in relation to its closest centroid

- Created by: ontext.InstanceRanker
- Used by: ontext.EvidenceForPromotion

## mean_instance_frequency_cat1 and mean_instance_frequency_cat2

The mean frequency of the relation-instances of each category.

- Created by: classifier.InstanceRanker
- Used by:

## relation_specifity_df

DataFrame with the specifity values for each relation

- Created by: classifier.Specifity

## group_pairs

A list containing all the (S, O) pairs that occur with a
context in the group (one entry in the list for each group).

- Created by: ontext.EvidenceForPromotion
- Used by: classifier.RelationshipCharacteristics

## promoted_pairs

The same as `group_pairs` but only the N top-scoring pairs

- Created by: ontext.EvidenceForPromotion

## evidence_sentences

All sentences in the corpus that happen with a pair
in the `promoted pairs` (one entry in the list for each group)

## commonest_instances_frequencies

The frequency and normalized frequency of the most common
instance, for each of the groups, in DataFrame format

- Created by: classifier.RelationshipCharacteristics

## classification_data

Final DataFrame to be used when training the classifier.

- Created by: classifier.FeatureAggregator
